FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

ALL ABOUT THE $HOBBS TOKEN

1. Is $HOBBS a reflections token?
    
    No, $HOBBS is not a reflections token. It is an elite token.
    
2. What is an elite token?
    
    An elite token is a new type of smart contract. One of its main functionalities is its fee splitting technology which makes it possible to give out rewards in the token of our choice. For example, rewards can be given out using the stable coin BUSD instead of our own token. In this way, the chart gets protected. As this is a big topic to cover, we will include exactly how it works and what its benefits are in our whitepaper.
    
3. In what prior projects was Hobbs involved in that did 10x, 25x and 50x?
    
    The 10x was HFuel, the most recent launch. The 25x was Ronin while the 50x was HNW.
    
4. What network are you launching on?
    
    We are looking at the CRO (crypto.com) network.
    
5. What are the tokenomics?
    
    To be announced. However, we are planning to set the taxes to 5% at most. Although not yet finalized, it is highly likely that 3% of the taxes will go to stake holding rewards, 1% to marketing, and 1% to liquidity. We will update this FAQ once we have more information.
    
6. What is the hard cap of the token?
    
    Also to be announced. But the starting market cap is going to be no more than a million.
    
7. When will the whitepaper be released?
    
    We are looking to have the preliminary version out within the week with the basics like our tokenomics. The more complete version might take a couple of weeks.
    
8. When will the website be released?
    
    Because we want the same team of developers working on all our systems, the website might take a little longer. On the other hand, we are also able to do 10 things faster due to the absurd developing power our project has, so use cases will be rolled out before you know it.
    
9. What is the contract address?
    
    The contract address will be released before the launch. Take note that it will be a private launch, so beware of scams.

PRESALE AND PRIVATE SALE ALLOCATIONS

1. How much will be raised for the private sale funds?
    
    The target amount for the private sale is $150,000.
    
2. Is it easy to get in the private sale?
    
    No, it will not be so easy. Although we handed out private sale allocations in the beginning, most of the private sale is going to seed the investors and the people working behind the scenes.
    
3. What is the reason for this?
    
    We have launched three projects in the Binance space already. What we have learned is that no matter how legitimate the project is, people will still dump. Thus, we are giving large allocations to people we really trust - private investors who we know will HOLD.
    
4. Is there a difference between the private sale price and the whitelist/launch price?
    
    Yes, the private sale price will be 20% lower than the whitelist/launch price.
    
5. What is the difference between a VIP whitelist spot and a second tier whitelist spot?
    
    A VIP whitelist allocation means that you are guaranteed to get in as long as you are present when the contribution happens. On the other hand, second tier whitelist allocations exist to fill what remains of the hard cap the VIP spots were not able to contribute. Thus, a second tier spot will be on a first come, first served basis.
    
6. When will the presale happen and when will the project launch?
    
    The launch is on March 1 at 12PM PST/8PM UTC and the presale will be two days before.
    
7. Is there a vesting period and for how long?
    
    Yes, there will be a vesting period. Information on how long it will be and how tokens will be released are still being discussed. What is certain is that the vesting period will not be longer than a month. This FAQ will be updated once details are finalized.

RECRUITMENT AND HIRING

1. I want to work for the project, can I be a mod?
    
    Currently, mod applications are on hold. However, if you really want to apply and you have experience, you can still try.
    
2. So what are you hiring for?
    
    We are pretty much hiring for everything, but mainly looking for content creators, AMA presenters, and copywriters.
    
    - For content creators, we are looking for graphic designers, video editors, and animators with advanced skills who create original content.
    - For AMA presenters, we are looking for people with strong public speaking and presentation skills.
    - For copywriters, we are looking for people with experience in putting together whitepapers, writing in the crypto space, or both.
    
    That being said, if anybody out there has any skills that are useful in the crypto space, feel free to DM @scofield364 and we will see if we can fit you in somewhere.
    
3. Do I get paid if I work for you?
    
    Yes. Initially, our team members will be paid from the private sale that we are raising. In the future, we will be introducing Hobbs Talent - a project that aims to provide services for other crypto groups in the space. Whether it be mod services, content creation, AMA talents, or copywriting, Hobbs Talent will have it all. Once set up, staff payment will come from that.
